Okay,
guys,
welcome to the quick Review off the anatomy of a Workbook lecture.
Now the first thing you'll notice at the top center of the screen.
Just here is the Excel displays the name of our current workbook here.
Now,
you'll recall from that lecture that an excel file is referred to as a workbook.
And this is where you can see the name of the workbook you're currently working on.
Okay.
Moving over to the top left hand side of the screen,
we can see how quick access toolbar that's this area right here.
Now,
by default,
the quick access toolbar only displays a few icons.
We can see we have the Excel.
I come,
we have the save icon,
which we can use to save our work.
We have the undo button,
which is very useful.
If you make a mistake when you're entering data or formulas on immediately to the right of
that,
we can see the redo button.
So if we decide that we actually liked what we just did and it wasn't a mistake after all,
just left,
click on the reader button on that will restore you to the state that you just undead.
From now moving over to the top right hand side of the screen,
you can see that we have five little icons.
Now.
It's worth remembering in Excel that whenever you hover over any particular icon,
a tool tip will appear just like this one here.
That gives you a clue as to what this Army can actually does.
Now,
if there is a keyboard shortcut that will also be displayed in the tool tip so we can see
here that the question mark is the Microsoft Excel help function.
And you can click on that any time you need help.
Next along,
we have the ribbon options you can left.
Click that auto,
hide the ribbon or show tab,
show tabs and commanders immediately to the right.
Of that,
we have the minimize button,
which,
if we left,
click without most will make this workbook disappeared and where toolbar at the bottom.
I'll just show you that now so we can click that we haven't lost their work.
It's still there.
Onda automatically weaken,
Weaken!
Just come down here to the toolbar,
hover over it without mouse.
We can either left click the little picture that's just popped up above the till bar or
double click.
The little icon in the toolbar on the workbook is fully restored.
Next to that,
we have the restored down and maximized.
But if we restore down,
you'll recall this shrinks excel so it doesn't occupy the full screen.
Andi,
immediately to the right of that is the close button on that closes Excel.
Don't worry if you hit that accidentally,
If you haven't saved your work,
it will give you an option to save your work before you actually close the file.
So you're not gonna lose any work at all.
Okay,
now onto the ribbon.
The ribbon is the place where you can go to find all the functions that you're going to use
most frequently their groups into different categories,
which you can see by the names of the tabs along the top There.
So we have file which will contain all the options relating to file,
such as saving which we've covered,
and save as which we've also covered the home ribbon displays,
all the things that you're likely to use most often.
We also have insert page layout formulas at each of these contain things that are pertinent
to that particular title.
Now,
if you find that there is a particular function that you use in any of these ribbons and
you'd like to have instantly available,
we can always add that to the quick access to or by a little later on.
And we'll have a lecture that shows you just how to do that a little later in the course.
Okay,
immediately below the ribbon.
We have the formula bar,
and you'll recall that the Formula Bar is one of two places that we can end today to in
Excel became the main area of the workbook that we can see highlighted here is the
worksheet area,
and this is where we'll be doing most of our work in Excel and the word cheese area is made
up of multiple cells those of these little white rectangles that you can see just here.
You'll also remember that the cells are referred to by their column,
letter and row number so we can see here that the cell selected is I six.
Now that's pretty easy to see if we're working up the top left hand side of the work cheat
.
But if we work in way,
way over to the far side.
It becomes more difficult to see quickly,
which is why we have the name box just here,
which will instantly tell you which sell your in there to move around a workbook.
We can use the scroll bars on the far right hand side of the screen or the bottom right
hand side of our screen,
the right hander side scroll bar.
We can either left click to drag up and down.
We can click the little down arrow to move down.
One sat one row at a time,
the upper row to move one cell up at a time,
and to move left and right.
We can either use a scroll bar down the button just here,
or use the right hand arrow to move one column to the right or the left and arrow to move
one column to the left,
just below the left or right scroll bar.
We can see how zoom options now this will let us alter the number of cells that we can see
.
In our current view.
You can see at the moment we're at 100% but to increase this,
we hit the little plus button on the side there to increase our view so we can see less
cells or click in the other button the minus.
On the left hand side,
we can see more cells,
but that decreases our view.
Alternatively,
can hold this little bar here,
hover over it left.
Click with your mouse on dragon and abs until you get a view that you're happy with.
And finally we have a work sheet and we can see down here that we currently have one cheat
,
which is imaginatively named Sheet one on to add new sheets to my workbook.
We just left Click this little plus button just here,
and we can keep adding chiefs of the current workbook as many times as we want to.
So they go.
That's a quick review of the anatomy of a workbook.
Look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.